oh hey what's going on guys sugar Kirby
and I jewelry shoot this video because I
realized my mic wasn't on in mind I
found it really muffled anyway this is a
really quick video about your midsection
that what you need to do to kind of get
that protruding belly in flat now of
course I v9 f-6 not get because I have
not reached my weight loss goal but I
have definitely reached my first weight
loss goal which is being under 200
pounds and being as far as a certain
size goes I'm very very excited about
that if you have not seen the picture of
this little black dress that I bought at
forever 21 here is a picture here
so yeah that is my little black dress I
love it uh this actually size freaking
medium I blew my mind too but um yeah
very very very very excited so I figured
I'd come on here and tell you guys about
the nutrition part of your abs your
stomach your core because I can tell you
by exercises but honestly if you are not
eating right you are never and when I
would say never you will never have a
flat stomach ever without surgery you
will never have a flat stomach without
eating right point blank period the
first thing you need is this this is a
leader you should drink about two maybe
three of these a day you need water
point blank period your body needs water
your body is made up of water you need
to drink water to flush out the
impurities to keep everything moving
second thing you need in your life fiber
I eat 25 to 30 grams of fiber every day
because you are kind of backed up or
whatever you that's going to cause your
stomach to cut rude out because it's
holding in waist so you definitely need
primer in your life also eating clean
you need to put a vegetable with every
single meal that you eat breakfast lunch
and dinner you need your vegetables not
only did are the vegetables the fuel as
far as your body goes it is the fuel as
far as to keep everything regular
everything clean you have to have
vegetables my favorite our spinach
asparagus anything like that that's kind
of a diuretic I love those those are my
favorite vegetables but whatever you're
eating put a vegetable with a little
salad with it if you're having baked
chicken brown rice and broccoli kind of
salad with it honestly your plate should
consist of half vegetables a quarter
protein and a quarter carbohydrates
those are essential um the last thing
that your body needs is less sugar and
sugar substitutes with the exception of
stevia I trulia those sugar substitutes
they they do nothing but spike your
insulin which causes you to store belly
fat doesn't such without going too
technical
um cut the sugar if you limit your sugar
to less than 25 grams per day which
includes through fruit and everything
else unless you're exercising then um
you will see a tremendous difference in
your stomach before you even start
exercising so this is just a nutrition
part I will come back and show like what
I do cardio would I be for toning but
honestly if you are not eating right you
are not putting the proper nutrition in
your body you will never ever have a
black stomach you cannot sit up here and
do turbo fire do insanity do jillian
michaels do Billy Blanks you cannot send
up here do all those exercises and eat
horribly or eat processed foods all the
time you must must heal your body with
the proper nutrients so that it can work
with you and not against you so as
always guys please comment like
subscribe let me know um what other
videos you want me to do I'm not going
to do the nutrition part not the
nutrition the exercise part of abs
because a lot of people are trying to
you know they've lost weight but they
slant problems with their stomach my
stomach went down I've lost over 14
inches in my waist alone i went from
1820 so now i'm a comfortable size 10
and mrs. um as far as pants though like
i said i was like a medium large top and
like a medium-large bottom somewhat
pinned on how is this I'm very muscular
as you can tell by the pic so obviously
you see my transformation you see
everything I'm doing so done if you want
you need any specific videos please let
me know I do have other videos that are
coming out I'm getting to them as fast
as I can um and I hope you guys enjoyed
this one until next time I love you
thank you for all my new subscribers mmm
see you next time bye guys